# Icebreaker Borealis // 4.14.5016u
The Vent Crabs have been lent to Rita the Director of the Icebreaker Borealis, former ice mining vessel and current tourism hub of Calliope.  While cagey over comms when questioned about the job, Rita was much more forthcoming in person:  This would be an off the books operation to root out potential saboteurs.  The task would be four-fold:  Track down a missing Harrison Armories scientist, Dr. Nyambose; Investigate the murder of a census officer and an attack on his office by a paramilitary strike team; Look into a forged work order for station repairs, which were performed by non-union laborers from the Faith of the One; Find the cause of a myriad of power fluctuations, printer errors, false alarms, and a persistent case of the Wiggles.

The team at least had some mandatory downtime before the mission started:  After all, they had to maintain their cover as normal tourists.  El Duende Del Fuego spent his time working his way into the Hellfire League, immediately making waves with a stellar performance where he pinned a Metalmark to the arena wall with its own knives.  He even managed to gain the attention of hometown hero and system celebrity Howl, who took a shine to the new League member over a few beers.  Doc, Overwatch, and Water spent a day shopping in the Bizarre Bazaar, while Squire hit the poker tables.  While fleecing the locals, he made friends with a gregarious Harrison corporal: Loki "Richboy" Valentinian.

Once the investigation started, the SRT were able resolve the local mechanics strike and get information on the non-union repairs, as well as details of the printer malfunctions, which were apparently some sort of spam attack in order to conceal the production of large scale laser parts. Meanwhile, the Faith happily supplied the Vent Crabs with information on the repairs to the Icebreaker's mostly defunct reactor.  Repairs done with the help of a mysterious Dr. Rose Bottlé.  The only thing those parts and that much energy could be used for would be the station's decommissioned mining laser.

Speaking with Loki about his friend Dr. Nyambose, the team learned she was an expert in high energy lasers, and using information gleaned from the printer logs were able to track her down to the Deepest Fairyland amusement park.  With the (mostly unnecessary) help of Valentinian, the Vent Crabs wrecked their way through a small horde of weaponized mascots and rescued Dr. Nyambose.  She gratefully told them that she'd been abducted by Faith radicals to help rearm the Icebreaker's laser, which the cultists had planned to use to destroy the minor moon Kantele.  Why?  Who knows, but the laser still needs one more part:  A massive lens.  And Dr. Nyambose knows exactly where the cult is keeping it...
